In the previous video I show you how to that they pile into your website.
But for example if you open the extensions in commerce you will find payments and you will see all the
different plans that you have available in combers.
You've got to make sure for example you can see Pay-Pal this one is free but there is a different version
of PayPal which costs $79 they credit got payments directly into your account.
You've seen people bro.
We have another paper right here.
We also have a stripe.
We have a square and other Paypal extension right here.
You can see the prices are from zero to 79.
So I must say is free to rise up man.
This one has a an and everything you can see here we have a bunch of different options that you can
use say a spade a spade and everything.
Of course covering all of these cards is going to be really really tedious.
And as you can for example make the surge based on the country that you are living in.
So for example and that said something like well it's on my country Mexico.
And then you can see in my country when they have this available.
So you've got to make sure you check out fares your your country and check that this payment gave rates
are valid in your country and then you can decide which ones you want to take in your website.
Of course you can also create your own but you will need to know some BHB in javascript to work with
these bad.
My recommendation is to use one of these.
They are secure.
They are the Bellot by the creators of newcomer's.